00:00:00
Is it possible to create a profitable store using AI? I've created multiple million-doll e-commerce stores, but the process can take months, even years. I'm going to see if AI can speed this up. Let's see if I can do it in [music] 1 month. All righty, ladies and gentlemen. We have done it. 2 months of lead time, whereas this took 4 hours. I celebrated too soon. Truthfully, the thing I'm most worried about is the ads, because if they're not real enough, could get flagged and we could get banned.

00:00:31
This is the roster of AI tools that I'm going to be using. I've got ChachuPT. I've got Cord, I've got Higsfield, I've got Nano Banana, I've got Arcads, and more. [music] I'm going to get started by using an actual AI store builder to set up the theme with Shopify. About seven prompts later, clicking, clicking, clicking, we finally got a store, and it's even populated some products. I don't know what kind of sig joke this is, but I don't think anyone could make

00:00:57
money from this stupid oversized hooded blanket. So, I think we actually need to find other products. Now, the way I like to do this is I like to find something that I'm passionate about or know a little something about and upload that product because chances are I know the avatar that I'm trying to sell to. So, I'm going to ask Chat GPT for some help. So, I've got this prompt. I'm looking to do a drop shipping store. What's some product categories I can look up? And then I want to insert some things about

00:01:24
me. So I sell comfortable clothing. I like money. You have any other other hobbies than that? So I like golf. This is going to give me a big list of things that I can actually search. We've got golf swing posture corrector bands. [music] We've got foldable lounge style slippers with hard soles. I actually don't mind the idea of doing a slipper brand. I would usually spend over a week searching for products, but I've done this a few times. I'm confident I can get a few sales with at least one of

00:01:55
these products. So, now we know what products we're going to sell. We just need to create a brand name that isn't ridiculous. So, we've got this AI prompt. We're going to get 12 with just a click of the button. And we want them with 5 to 10 letters because then they'll be super premium. And the main thing that we really need to make sure is that there's no one that already has the domain because we need to set up our business name and we don't want to get sued. Now, the key here is we want to

00:02:20
use the research model of chatbt because then it will go through and actually be an agent and go check out different websites. Another top tip with domains is you want it domainable, you also want it trademarkable, but you also want it flexible. [music] If I used a name something like calming blankets, then I would have to sell weighted blankets forever, which unfortunately back in the day that's exactly what happened to me. So, usually what people do in this situation is they create a really,

00:02:51
really genius prompt, which is create me a brand name that is awesome for [music] a comfortable slipper brand. And it creates some good names but definitely not great. We need a mega prompt. We are telling the AI you are a senior brand name and strategist. It makes it feel so much better and it performs so much better. And we give it all of these instructions. Within seconds, Chatbt has generated a bunch of solid brand names and I found one that I think would work perfectly. Koseria. So Chatbt did pretty good at finding a

00:03:29
brand name, but can it create images? because we need a logo. Now, usually I would go into Canva. I would find a template. I would insert all of the copy for it and I would probably play around for probably 6 hours and it would still look terrible. I created all of my first logos via that method. But this time again, enter the mega prompt. We've got you are a senior logo designer, not a junior. And we've got non-negotiable. So, we're going to get a simple lowerase, title case, uppercase. So,

00:04:00
we're going to get plenty of variation with simple text only because we don't want a crazy logo with different iconography that really jumbles up our Shopify store. We want something that looks premium so we can hopefully get a sale. And here we go. It only took 1 minute and 2 seconds versus my 6 hours to create four logos, which look pretty good. We've also got favicons, which you must have on your website, otherwise it looks like a scammy drop shipping store. And undoubtedly, this is my favorite

00:04:31
logo. I don't know why, but it looks really familiar. Maybe we won't use that one. [music] So obviously AI is doing pretty good at this part, but this is where in previously it really has fallen down because if I just upload these random photos from AliExpress, I might get banned from Facebook. I might get banned from Shopify and frankly they look pretty bad. So the first step that we're going to do is we're going to go to Pinterest and we're going to find an inspiration photo, something that we

00:05:14
would like our product on. Next, we grab that photo and we take it to Chat GBT and we ask it to create a JSON file. This is basically computer language that describes all kinds of things. What kind of clothes they're wearing, what kind of scene it is, what kind of angle lighting that there actually is. And we can take that and we can paste it in another AI tool to create a brand new, never seen unique image. This looks awesome, but it's not our product. So, this is where this AI tool comes very handy. All I

00:05:46
need to do is provide two reference photos, highlight what I want to change, upload it, and it will create a perfect product image with my product. Now that we've got our images, it's time to create some copy for the product page. I have a huge prompt again and all I need to do is provide some information about my product which I can do via screenshot and it'll give me all of this amazing copy that I can now paste onto my product page. The main thing is we want to have the unique selling propositions,

00:06:16
the specs and any objections that the customer might have before buying a product. Remember, we just need to build trust with a customer. If we communicate what type of fabric it is, how the sizing works, they'll be much more likely to buy. So, things are looking pretty good now. I just really need a lock in. It's taken about 4 hours to actually get it to this point. Now, I need to just fine-tune everything and just make it look really pretty. There aren't a huge amount of shortcuts for

00:06:42
this. It just takes a little bit of experience and time. That being said, the image creation process has sped it up from when I used to create brands. Before for me to get to this process, I would have had to order the sample, wait for it to get delivered to my house, organized the model, organized a photo shoot, shot the photos, edited the photos and videos, and uploaded them to the website. That's like 3 weeks to 2 months of lead time, whereas this took 4 hours. So, I spent the entire weekend on the

00:07:11
store. I set up some new products, but more importantly, I realized that I hated all of the branding. And this is very very common for someone that isn't a designer, someone that doesn't really know branding. You just have to play around until it looks good. And I think this looks pretty awesome. The main thing with your store is you really want to make sure that all of the padding is perfect, everything is lined up, and there's lots of trust with the store. We've got things in the navigation menu,

00:07:35
the contact us, we've got all of the information that someone would need to actually make an informed purchase. So now we've got our website in a pretty good spot. We need to create ads for our website. We're going to use Facebook ads, which is undoubtedly the strongest advertising platform that exists. And to do this, luckily, we've already got some awesome product imagery that we've used on our website that we can simply animate, turn into videos, edit, turn into ads, and it should make our first

00:08:00
sale. We can simply use this video editor, drag it in, prompt it. The main thing that you've got to do is prompt it to do natural movements. Otherwise, it can be very cinematic and not trustworthy. Most Facebook ads nowadays are actually shot on iPhone, so we want it to replicate those movements. Now, we've animated some awesome clips. We need to get a UGC creator to actually create a script to tie everything together. So, we can go to Chat GPT, create a UGC script. Then, we can create the avatar and go into Cap Cut and put

00:08:31
all of the clips together to create this perfect app. Unfortunately, while I was doing this, it came out a little bit robotic. >> These cloud slip-ons by Koseria. So, I solved that by adding prompts to their voice. >> These literally are the best slippers I have ever worn. They are so big, like pillows for your feet. >> Which made it far more accurate. Then all I needed to do was come into Cap Cut. >> These literally are the best slippers I have ever worn. [music] They are so big,

00:08:59
like pillows for your feet. Check out how soft and squishy their soles are. What's crazy is how perfect they are for winter. And they are filled with this sherpa fleece. They are on [music] sale now, so go check them out. >> This definitely took a little bit more time than I would have liked, but I could definitely see if I could just get some video editors for the cap cut stage, I could speed this up and create 10 plus ads a day quite easily. >> These literally are the best slippers I

00:09:22
have ever worn. They are so big like pillows for your feet. Check out how soft and squishy their soles are. >> It's one of those mornings when the city is still rubbing its eyes and the light comes in just right. I made a tiny espresso, slipped into these cloud-like slippers, and parked myself by the window. >> Next, I'm going to create some static image ads, which is going to be way easier than creating videos. I can simply go into this, get some inspiration from other ads, insert my AI

00:09:46
generated photos, add some copy, which again, Chat GPT can help me with in just a few seconds. I can export, and now I'm ready to run ads. So, this is a creative that I made that I think is going to work. Shows just how soft the product can be. There was a simple prompt saying, "Create layers of this shoe and make it dreamy and cloud-based." [music] And it turned out pretty well. So, 24 hours before launch, we're either going to have a real store or a waste of time. All righty, ladies and gentlemen. We

00:10:22
have done it. We got our first sale. It was literally 1 hour after I launched the ads, which by the way doesn't happen that often. And the reason why I'm smiling so much is because every time you get your first order, it doesn't mean matter if you've done a billion dollars in e-commerce sales, that first Shopify kaching is like it literally gets you hooked. So very very excited that this actually might work. The truth is that e-commerce is all about product selection. It's all about angles, all

00:10:48
about website, and it just takes time. You need to iterate on that. So the fact that we got a sale straight away without any iteration is a huge win. So now what we need to do is we need to just keep introducing more ads, increase the budget on Facebook to get more sales as well as start shipping the orders. Let's [music] see if we can scale it up. I celebrated too soon. Uh I went to upload another product which is a women's based apparel product. Yes, there was definitely a little bit of

00:11:16
skin in the product that the AI created and my ad account is officially banned. So, this is pretty common. Truthfully, I've actually never had an ad account banned, which for anyone that's in e-commerce or running Facebook ads, very, very rare. But that's simply because I've always built a really trustworthy brand with great customer service. This got banned. I've just got a Facebook uh person to look into it. It got banned from unusual activity. So obviously I've just uploaded an a

00:11:46
product that kind of didn't really match what I've been doing previously. So that's why I got banned. Had nothing to do with like AI content or anything like that. So now I have two options which if this happens to you, you also have similar options. You can appeal it and go through the processes to get it unbanned. Alternatively, you can use something called a Facebook agency account, which can sometimes be a little bit dodgy, especially if they're charging like percentages of revenue or

00:12:14
they're just like doing some really black hat, gray hat stuff. We have a really good provider in our course at the moment that you can actually go and get there and they don't charge a percentage of revenue. They're actually the number one provider for this. So, I can buy one of those and start running ads there. I think I'm going to be able to get this unbanned. It's often times like these where things go really right and then they go really wrong and you get super excited and then things get

00:12:39
tough and you need to work through problems. You need to ask people. You need to ask mentors for advice or people that are already in the industry. It's often in these moments you're like this is just too hard. Like why am I even doing this? And every single time you come up against these moments and doesn't matter if you're running a huge company or just getting started you need to remember this is where people quit. and I will unlock value by pushing past this roadblock. So, what do we do now?

00:13:06
We need to get this ad account back. So, I think I'll be able to appeal this and get it back because it was only for unusual activity. And we've I've got some other crazy methods about how to get the ad account back, which I'll leave in the course. Um, but I think we'll be able to get this back and start running running ads tomorrow. So, I woke up to really good news. I got the ad account unbanned, but then I uploaded some more ads and it got banned again. So, while I can't upload any more ads

00:13:32
and I get it unbanned again, what I'm going to do is I'm going to set up my email marketing, which is really, really important because I plan to make a huge brand here, which means that I need to nurture my customers, my email subscribers, so that when I launch another product, I have a way to advertise it. So, a lot of drop shippers, they might not actually consider doing email marketing, which is a mistake. We should be nurturing that list and we should set up a few basic automatic flows such as the welcome

00:14:01
series and the abandoned cart to make sure that we are nurturing the flows. Now, the first tool that I highly recommend that you use is Omnisend. Now, Omnisend is definitely the best product for beginners. First of all, it's way cheaper. You can eventually save $1,000 a month just by using Omnisend. Second of all, they have incredible customer service. So, you can actually message them. You can do live chat with them. you can get answers if you are confused, which is the reason why it's perfect for

00:14:29
beginners. So, I'll leave an affiliate link in the description below. The next tool that we need is Chat GBT. Now, I've created another mega prompt that's going to give me everything that I need for the welcome flow, the abandoned cart, all the SMS stuff. So, I can simply copy and paste this across. Now, because we're just drop shipping at the moment and validating the product, we're going to use these dynamic blocks here, which Omnis does really well simply because we don't know what the customer is actually

00:14:52
searching for. They could be any of our products. We might add 20 products to the store. So once we've validated this, we can customize this and make this a really premium email strategy. Maybe a little bit more focused on our core products, but for now, this looks pretty good. So, it's a new day. I've been wrestling with Zuckerberg. He's finally given me my ad account back. And I managed to get a couple of days of spend. And I've also tested five products. Now, I think we found a winner. So, this product

00:15:19
yesterday we spent $120 in budget and we made I think it was over $600. It says 521 in the ad account, but it was over $600, which is a whopping including all of the other products that we're testing in that day, we made a whopping $100 in profit. But realistically, if we weren't testing all of these other products as well, we would have made 300 so dollars in profit, which trust me, if you're going to be your own boss, I'd much rather be earning $300 a day than, you know, a salary. So, I think we're on the

00:15:53
right track. So, what's next? I want to keep testing more products. And I'm going to, but realistically, we can scale up this winner. We can introduce new creatives. We can introduce new angles. We can optimize the website. we can think about upsells for the product to increase the average order value. So, these are the next steps. We're going to keep doing them until we become a Shopify millionaire. So, the past month has been absolutely crazy. We finally ticked over a billion dollars across my ecom portfolio in

00:16:24
topline sales. But the cool thing is I managed to maintain the Koseria brand. So, we've got some results over the past 5 days. We managed to do $2,300 in sales. But what's cool is one of these [music] days we did over $300 profit. Now disclaimer, obviously these are approximate profits. We have a bunch of software costs that aren't in this. We're approximating the cost of goods that Zendrop's telling us. But what's really cool is that all of these assets, all of these softwares, all of these

00:16:51
things that we built, these are now assets for us that will constantly compound. We can introduce more if we want. If not, we can start taking some of these profits and use them to stop working our 9 to5 and actually start finally building our AI brand. But when it comes to my original question, can AI build a store that people will actually buy from? The answer is obviously yes. I believe that I could keep compounding this store, building more assets, working on it for the next 6 [music] months, and I think I could get it to a

00:17:20
million dollar run rate. And what's really really [music] cool is I could turn this AI drop shipping store into an actual AI brand. Really focusing on product and brand values. And I [music] think it could be a really good business. If you want to learn more about this, I've got a full course that I shot showing every single step of this way. Click the link and go check it out.

